SPCTR-2935 - [Buttons] Size is not applied in the editor (#3206)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Fix: Team - Resolved an issue in which the alignment would not function properly when the Team block is used in RTL mode.
* Fix: Taxonomy - Number of columns option is not working for responsive devices on frontend.
* Fix: Spectra Custom CSS - Resolved Conflict with Astra Custom Layout Sticky Settings.

> * Fix: Buttons - Button Size not working as expected in the editor after adding padding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Buttons - Resolved an issue in which the button size would not work as expected in the editor after adding padding.
```

Author: Updated readme.
